about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Binoy Chitale
permalink: /about/
---

## Contact Info
Email: [binoychitale@gmail.com](mailto:binoychitale@gmail.com)

[Github](https://github.com/binoychitale) <br>
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/binoychitale/)


## Work Experience

### Media.net (Directi)
<sup> 
Web Application Developer 2 (Jun 2019 - Jan 2021) <br>
Web Application Developer   (Jun 2018 - Jun 2019) <br>
Associate Web Developer     (Jun 2017 - Jun 2018) 
</sup>

__Programmatic inventory targeting.__ Project owner and lead developer of Media.net’s ad inventory targeting system which enables programmatic, rule based targeting of ad inventory for Media.net’s demand partners. Our systems are deployed in data centres across the globe, and operate at high scale within tight latency and QoS bounds.

__Client-side Header Bidding through Prebid.js.__ Responsible for writing clean and efficient Javascript enabling Media.net to bid on ad-inventory through the Prebid.js Header Bidding library.

__Building out Media.net’s Real Time Bidding (RTB) platform.__ Helping publishers maximize revenue by auctioning ad-inventory in real time. Maintaining a highly efficient bidding platform staged at multiple trading locations across the globe, while ensuring high QPS and low latency.

__REARC working group (R&D).__ Member of an internal team researching and publishing a proposal to preserve the efficacy of the ad-tech ecosystem without compromising on user privacy.

__Ad Slot Analytics.__ Enabling better ads by analysing ad-inventory on the web page across various metrics, and using this data to make intelligent bidding decisions which directly impact revenue.

## Education
__Stony Brook University__ *(2021 - Present)* <br>
M. S (Computer Science) 


__Dwarkadas J Sanghvi College of Engineering, Mumbai__ *(2013 - 2017)* <br>
Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science) <br>
CGPA - __8.48__ 

## Projects

__Driver Analysis Using Telematic Data__ <br>
An application to model and successfully fingerprint a driver using data derived from a GPS trajectory dataset. <br>
Presented a paper titled *Driver Analysis Using Telematic Data* at the IEEE ICIIECS Conference (Coimbatore, India).

## Open source contributions

__Prebid.js__ - Open source Header Bidding — *[https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js](https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js)* <br>
Contributed to Prebid.js, an open source Header Bidding library.


__K0s__ - Zero Friction Kubernetes — *[https://github.com/k0sproject/k0s](https://github.com/k0sproject/k0s)*


__IndraDB__ - A graph database in Rust — *[https://github.com/indradb/indradb](https://github.com/indradb/indradb)*

## Volunteer Work
__Low-cost computer systems for underprivileged students__ *(2018)* <br>
Partnered with Vasundhara Charitable Trust, an NGO, to provide schools in the Tarapur-Dahanu area with low-cost Raspberry-Pi powered computers. <br>
Configured these devices with Gcompris (an open-source learning platform), to enable computerized learning for students, and enable teachers to evaluate and review coursework in a single centralized repository.

## Programming Languages
- Java (Java EE, Spring)
- PHP (Laravel)
- Javascript / NodeJS
- C/C++
- Python
- Rust 
- Go

## Tools
- Cloud Platforms (AWS)
- Containerization and Orchestration (Docker, DCOS/Nomad, CI/CD)
- Linux
- Stream processing architectures (Kafka, Apache Storm + Trident)
- Databases & Storage (SQL server, Redis, Aerospike)

## Awards			
1st place, Codeshaastra Hackathon (2014)

Runners-up,  Axis Bank Hackathon (2016) 

Qualifiers, ICICI bank Appathon (2016)

Commit message:

Add contact info as table

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Binoy Chitale
permalink: /about/
---

## Contact Info
{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| [binoychitale@gmail.com](mailto:binoychitale@gmail.com) | [Github](https://github.com/binoychitale)  | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/binoychitale/)


## Work Experience

### Media.net (Directi)
<sup> 
Web Application Developer 2 (Jun 2019 - Jan 2021) <br>
Web Application Developer   (Jun 2018 - Jun 2019) <br>
Associate Web Developer     (Jun 2017 - Jun 2018) 
</sup>

- __Programmatic inventory targeting.__ Project owner and lead developer of Media.net’s ad inventory targeting system which enables programmatic, rule based targeting of ad inventory for Media.net’s demand partners. Our systems are deployed in data centres across the globe, and operate at high scale within tight latency and QoS bounds.

- __Client-side Header Bidding through Prebid.js.__ Responsible for writing clean and efficient Javascript enabling Media.net to bid on ad-inventory through the Prebid.js Header Bidding library.

- __Building out Media.net’s Real Time Bidding (RTB) platform.__ Helping publishers maximize revenue by auctioning ad-inventory in real time. Maintaining a highly efficient bidding platform staged at multiple trading locations across the globe, while ensuring high QPS and low latency.

- __REARC working group (R&D).__ Member of an internal team researching and publishing a proposal to preserve the efficacy of the ad-tech ecosystem without compromising on user privacy.

- __Ad Slot Analytics.__ Enabling better ads by analysing ad-inventory on the web page across various metrics, and using this data to make intelligent bidding decisions which directly impact revenue.

## Education
- __Stony Brook University__ *(2021 - Present)* <br>
M. S (Computer Science) 


- __Dwarkadas J Sanghvi College of Engineering, Mumbai__ *(2013 - 2017)* <br>
Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science) <br>
CGPA - __8.48__ 

## Projects

- __Driver Analysis Using Telematic Data__ <br>
An application to model and successfully fingerprint a driver using data derived from a GPS trajectory dataset. <br>
Presented a paper titled *Driver Analysis Using Telematic Data* at the IEEE ICIIECS Conference (Coimbatore, India).

## Open source contributions

- __Prebid.js__ - Open source Header Bidding — *[https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js](https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js)* <br>
Contributed to Prebid.js, an open source Header Bidding library.


- __K0s__ - Zero Friction Kubernetes — *[https://github.com/k0sproject/k0s](https://github.com/k0sproject/k0s)*


- __IndraDB__ - A graph database in Rust — *[https://github.com/indradb/indradb](https://github.com/indradb/indradb)*

## Volunteer Work
- __Low-cost computer systems for underprivileged students__ *(2018)* <br>
Partnered with Vasundhara Charitable Trust, an NGO, to provide schools in the Tarapur-Dahanu area with low-cost Raspberry-Pi powered computers. <br>
Configured these devices with Gcompris (an open-source learning platform), to enable computerized learning for students, and enable teachers to evaluate and review coursework in a single centralized repository.

## Programming Languages
- Java (Java EE, Spring)
- PHP (Laravel)
- Javascript / NodeJS
- C/C++
- Python
- Rust 
- Go

## Tools
- Cloud Platforms (AWS)
- Containerization and Orchestration (Docker, DCOS/Nomad, CI/CD)
- Linux
- Stream processing architectures (Kafka, Apache Storm + Trident)
- Databases & Storage (SQL server, Redis, Aerospike)

## Awards			
- 1st place, Codeshaastra Hackathon (2014)
- Runners-up,  Axis Bank Hackathon (2016) 
- Qualifiers, ICICI bank Appathon (2016)
